Holoscan SDK Response-Time Analysis (#600)
nvidia-holoscan/holohub: tutorials/hsdk_rt_analysis/artifact/README.md

    -v ${PWD}/saved_artifacts:/opt/nvidia/holoscan/artifact-eval/saved_artifacts \
    $"pnschowitz/rtss2024_artifact_eval:CR"

The meanings of the various options are as follows:

- `-it`
    - Allows for interaction with the container through a terminal interface.
- `-rm`
    - Automatically removes the container when exiting (the image itself will not be deleted).
- `--ulimit memlock=-1`
    - Removes the limit on locking in memory (Recommended by NVIDIA).
-  `--ulimit stack=67108864`
    - Sets the stack size limit to 64 MB (Recommended by NVIDIA).
- `-v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock` 
    - Allows for Docker commands executed inside the container to communicate with the Docker daemon on the host.
- ` -v ${PWD}/saved_artifacts:/opt/nvidia/holoscan/artifact-eval/saved_artifacts` 
    - Allows for any files you move to the `saved_artifacts` folder within the container to be automatically transferred to the `saved_artifacts` folder on the local system.
- `$"pnschowitz/rtss2024_artifact_eval:CR"`
    - The actual image to run.

The only directory we modified is `artifact-eval`, which contains the code to reproduce our experimental results.

## Running experiments

> 

Reviewer: We need an overview of the categories of the experiments here. @pschowitz

execution of the main experiments will take around 20 minutes. This scales approximately linearly, so 100 will yield an execution time of around 3 hours,
and 1000 around 30 hours. Our experiments in the paper roughly correspond to an `iterations` value of 1000 with numvars at 0, but as few as 10 iteration
should still yield valid results for the majority of randomly generated graph variations.

Scalabilty experiments run a timing analysis of our algorithm averaging over multiple runs, so they may take around 15 minutes to complete with default settings.

#### Run all experiments

Before running the main or overhead experiments, it is necessary to first build the executables with the `--build` option. 
This uses the `--iterations` argument, so the executables will need to be rebuilt if a different `--iterations` value is desired. This is necessary because Holoscan requires some application properties to be hardcoded at build time.

    cd artifact-eval
    python master.py --iterations 10 -b
    python master.py --numvars 10 -m -o -s

> While running the experiments, output will periodically print to the terminal. The completion of an iteration prints the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While running the experiments, outputs will be periodically printed to the terminal. The completion of an iteration prints the following output:
```

    Running... iteration 1 complete

Furthermore, the completion of a graph's execution will print the following output:

    Graph 1 variation 0 complete

The simulations done in the main and scalability experiments do not print anything to the terminal, but these only take around a minute to complete.

When the experiments finish, the `data` folder will be populated with all the resulting raw data and figures, described in the Output section below.

### Viewing experiment results and cleanup

To transfer files from the container to the local system, copy the files to the `saved_artifacts` folder. For example:

    cp data/*.pdf saved_artifacts

This will make these files available even after the container is gone. When finished with the container, use `exit` to shut it down. 

## Output

> 

Reviewer: Can we make it clear about what `master.py` commands to run for which results/pdfs? @pschowitz
